[Music]
hello you beautiful people welcome back
to another video I hope you're doing
really really good I'm really looking
forward to doing this video because it
is one of your guys favorites and it's a
huge food shop grocery haul whatever you
want to call it style video this is
actually at my first big food shot of
like stint a year basically I've just
been like popping in out of the shops
and I have been eating on the go quite a
bit this week it was definitely about
time to do a proper a full of fresh food
shop and today I went to Aldi attenti
great salary probably most frequently I
just go usually not wherever's closest
to the time currently got Penelope going
absolutely mad I don't even know his dog
or puppy does this but literally she has
a mad half hour where she just grows
absolutely dessert oh my god
so I just heard a bang Penelope look at
that face you cheeky girl happy what
happened what happened you Kiki thing so
with it being genuine where I thought it
was good times news video just to show
you that you don't need to completely
restrict things from your diet and that
you can take that a balanced approach
which is going to be more maintainable
which i think is the absolute key to
like any girls at all also I've had
quite a lot of messages in my day and
recently about sort of like diet and
like whether to cut out carbs and all
this like absolutely crazy stuff that I
think is quite common in January time
right after Christmas when everyone's
feeling a bit fluffier and heavier then
place up on this crazy restrictive diet
and start cutting out like carbs and
bloom and sugar and just going super
extreme because it's just not going to
be maintainable and then you get up
yoyoyo get the best and the most
effective maintainable results I always
think just following a really balanced
diet and not restricting foods that way
you're not gonna render if like tenting
been like a huge binge cycles that just
cause you
happiness I'm gonna start over here I
already had a bowl of eggs when I came
in from the shops I just got some bran
flakes I really like these like pre post
workout meals crunchy and I like putting
some fruit in there and yes you're so
satisfying sometimes I have to be new on
it as well but yeah mainly just like pre
post workout then I've got loads of
vegetables well a broccoli this is just
really good to put with any meal really
some peppers see this an absolute
favorite and I love putting these about
any sort of chicken dish and like the
heating thing some baby leaves salad I
actually mix it with so much stuff like
I've been making these sweet potato
hashes which I have with poached eggs
that are really really nice chopped
sweet potatoes up put a load of like
these leasing and then a bit of flour
and like some garlic and honestly so so
nice and brought some carrot and bit yet
like that I'm making more conscious
effort to make sure I'm getting my
veggie before I forget to mention as
well all of this was 32 pounds which is
so reasonable and then I picked up some
lemon I think I cooked so much now with
lemon way more than I used to I think it
adds so much more like zinging us as
well I do quite like a hot lemon water
with ginger that's really really nice
and would really recommend trying as my
carb sources I picked up some brown rice
whole grain and also some testers and
easy pasta he didn't have like any whole
grain of this which I don't think I'd
you ever does actually if you saw my
last food hole you seen I got that rice
cooker which has honestly been a life
changer
it just makes cooking rice so much
easier and then I brought some chopped
chopped and then I've got two tins of
chopped tomatoes these are so good to
cook like literally any chicken dish any
if you're doing like a chili with me or
like a veggie one that is a really good
shower you just I think you always need
these in and these
just an essential I got some red kidney
beans as well that's nice to put in a
chili with some sweet corn
I grow food quite a lot of beans that
she really liked the red can humans like
majority of my meals with garlic and
chop it finely I just got a mini pack of
blueberries I don't know why but Ali
went didn't have that much in in terms
of like fruit and then I picked up some
carrot and coriander I've been having
this low get soup is just my kind of
thing you never understand everything on
like a bagel oh god yeah
absolutely love that it's run like a
sandwich you can just do everything they
suit me these aren't from Aldi but I
wanted to mention them because I do have
these like staple part of my nickels but
I get the basil of thin so you should
get into the Sainsbury's and they're
like just 330 calories in a vehicle so
really I'm really really good as well
lactose free milk again that from
Sainsbury's or whatever these two are
really good so I really recommend those
but you can't get this be friends in
Aldi in terms of milk
I do really struggle there is also a
coconut milk that I really like I tried
and tried with almond oat milk and I
just can't force myself to like it I
wish I could because I know it'd be a
lot better for my skin but yeah I just
can't do it to myself I picked her and
that you have this before from Oulu it's
just a teriyaki beef stir fry fry I've
been craving a light stir fry stuff it's
already like but all the chopped veggies
just you throw it in a pan so I thought
that was a good shout out I might have
that for dinner tonight I'm actually a
medium pack of chicken breast fillets do
you find chicken from Aldi is so much
cheaper I think I got like the same it's
similar sort of thing from the cart the
other day and I'm sure it was like 5 or
6 pounds I only picked up 10 chicken
cheap Anatsui
these are so nice Penelope absolutely
love these she always grows like crazy
and I'll start cookies and Mason's
favorite as well it's about 48 calories
per sausage which is and then I saw
these turkey rashes which I haven't had
been so long but these are really good
and a good alternative to
they can really good macros as Rather's
like 30 calories per ration and they
taste delicious these are really nice of
like eggs or like in the morning on a
bagel got two clawed loins I'm trying to
incorporate more fish into my dikes I
just think have been slacking on the
fish front lately and get my Amiga free
I put some medium mozzarella absolutely
love cheese and I have some blue cheese
hot over Christmas time Oh
then let me talk to you about this this
is passion fruit mango and papaya fat
free sky yogurt absolutely love these
scones are so nice as like a snack you
can have these we like fruit in a bowl
for breakfast in the morning and it just
tastes absolutely amazing and especially
if you've got a big sweet sweet tooth
like I do it's such a sharp but just try
not to have the whole thing in one
sitting because I've done that way too
many times then I just picked up some
more ground cinnamon this is really good
on like porridge or just anything sweet
I've even put in this on I've been
making egg whites with coconut drops
I'll show you so you thought you saw it
here first by the way guys I feel like
I've invented this new thing that is
kind of like a dessert but yeah egg
whites with one coconut zero sugar zero
calories and these are from my protein
though and then it was like a sprinkling
of cinnamon on top it is so so nice and
then I just got some coffee pods and if
you have got like her and spresso
machine these fit in and then I won't
have something and you get ten pods and
the restrictor ones and my favorite I
also thought I would give this Colombian
one a try we had a lot of quarter of the
price of the Nespresso a fancy packaging
isn't its morality but yeah really
really nice I usually get the hirings Oh
50% less sugar and salt tomato ketchup
but I thought I'd give this one a try to
stay away from I feel like I've blown
everything
and I also always get like the light in
the night mayor which he really likes
from LD - that's Barry's about
everything actually can we just don't
take a minute to look at my daughter's
she's covered you know she's absolutely
covered in compost that I've never put
over my kitchen worktop she something
broke the phone book out there you
cheeky things honestly this dog is
funniest thing ever I already had these
in but I've got I always like to have
some Cheney chunks in I get these in
spring water and then I love like one of
my favorite that all quick meals is
pasta with tuna and like sweet corn
something else I really like putting on
my oats in the morning is sugar free
zero maple syrup someone asked on one of
my other videos what I cook my food UNIX
generally this meat coconut oil which is
really good and tasty I absolutely love
coconut
I'll leave a link down below to my
eight-week full-body guide which has our
all my workout plans in and the workouts
that I follow it also has learning
information on muscle gain and also fat
loss
[Music]
so yeah that'll be in the link down
below and do you let me know if you'd
like to see some more like meal planning
and meal prep video in the comments down
below I'd love to crown and subscribe to
my channel and I'll see you guys in the
next video
[Music]